what's up everyone this is quack duck
here with a minecraft server review on
this server really need staff and as you
can see here is the spawn I have built
it and here let me show you all the
ranks first so there's owner konar admin
moderate or helper trusted veteran
builder and duty and default um so when
you first join you will spawn around
this area and the beacon blah blah blah
and then you want to go to rules first
and you step on this pressure plate and
it will say welcome to Jupiter aircraft
and then yo you your username so if you
have like username up one two three four
test it'll say welcome to tutor owl
craft one two three four test so here
although my god as easy as you can
probably see this is a pending server
griefing is only loved wild all this
stuff you get yes this is a griefing
factions pending server so let me show
you ybor now when you first join what
you're going to want to do is you are
going you are going to be default so
first of all when you join you're going
to be default and you want to head over
here and find the password I'm not going
to give out the area of the password but
I will tell you that it is in the ranks
section so over here I have to add a
sign pretty soon for ranks and wild so
the ring will not ranks the staff and
wild so go over to the section and try
your best to find the password and then
once a staff member and it's on um well
helpers are not really staff they jipped
they're sort of like they're sort of
like pre staff so like they helped a
little select they'll um they can't rank
you up though they can only um just kick
so it's like sort of like trial staff so
so like let's get into the bending so
when you once you're ranked up you want
to go to war bending
so after you've done that you should
come over here and behind you will be
warped Wilder work sponsee get back to
our viewer and there will be water air
earth and fire so I bet probably some of
you are probably thinking well what if i
want to change it well no problem you
can change whatever you want to I had an
idea of the service where you can change
it element which like you want to be
like so like say you want to earth and
then you didn't want it anymore you want
like water or air or fire that you could
change it because it said you have to
donate you don't have a problem deserve
you can change it whatever you want
so and also an avatar will be chosen i
will put the description on how an
avatar can be chosen because it's very
very very least all you guys this time
so while it's not very big because I
mean it's just wild portal to the wilds
they just walk out I'm an airbender
right now I want to change back but
waterbenders have any bullet here knock
if you're an opt waterbender that you
will have access to the bending type
blood bending and if you are a really
good big fan of avatar the last
airbender then you will know what
waterbending is I mean blood funding so
um for people who do not know that is
what blood bending is well it's only
four out two players and we are trying
to figure out a way for the Avatar to
get it if someone gets avatar so yeah
we're trying to find out some way like
that so if you can post in the comments
on how we can do that that would be
perfect and on the IP will also be in
the description below problem the server
is one point five point two and it is
very very fun to play on we have the
factions plugin we have the chest shot
plugin or all that we all have more
information in the description below but
I hope you guys like this common this
this uh what's called the server of you
and um just before i go on staff so you
guys can know whose staff so you guys
warp spawn here we have no helpers which
is why we need zap me of no matter is
which is another reason why we need that
we have no admin switch sim batteries
why we need effin we have no voters
which is another reason why three owners
are actually fired Jupiter owl and
myself so that is all for this server
I'm sorry Feist where I'm going in like
five times and haven't gone yet but this
time I'm actually I knew the video so
comment like and subscribe I um I hope
to meet you on the server soon post in
the comments if I was if you guys would
like to join and if you want to put your
applications down in the Scott in in the
comments below and I will read them and
hopefully I will be able to reply to
them and this is not my server i do not
have the console but i want to be ours
because i have helped out both the
owners who have no idea how to like run
a server at all I know I've never ran a
server but I do know a lot about it from
watching videos and all that stuff so um
I will see you guys later bye
you